= bin-files

The following are my personal <tt>bin</tt> files. I've setup the following
folder structure inside my HOME:

  C:\USERS\LUIS\TOOLS
  +---bin
  +---Git (symlinkd)
  +---Git-Versions
  |   \---Git-1.6.3-preview20090507
  +---Icons
  +---MinGW
  |   +---gcc (symlinkd)
  |   +---gcc-versions
  |   |   +---3.4.5
  |   |   \---4.3.3
  |   +---msys (symlinkd)
  |   \---msys-versions
  |       \---1.0.11
  +---MSVC
  |   +---VC
  |   |   +---PSDK
  |   |   +---PSDK-preR2
  |   |   +---VC2003
  |   |   \---VC6
  |   \---WinSDK6
  +---Ruby
  |   +---ironruby-0.3.0
  |   +---jruby-1.3.0RC1
  |   +---ruby-1.8.6-p368-i386-mingw32
  |   \---ruby-1.9.1-p129-i386-mingw32
  +---Svn (symlinkd)
  +---Svn-Versions
  |   \---svn-win32-1.6.1
  +---Unix
  |   +---bin
  |   +---contrib
  |   +---etc
  |   +---man
  |   +---manifest
  |   \---share
  +---Vim (symlinkd)
  \---Vim-Versions
      \---vim72

As you can see, that structure has helped me unpack tools that are not
installed system wide but available to the running user.

This repository contains the scripts listed in <tt>Tools\bin</tt>

== Environment recommendations

Please set the following environment variables for your user (Use system 
preferences and advanced settings)

Under User variables, add the following variables with the values:

  HOME = %HOMEDRIVE%%HOMEPATH%
  HOME_TOOLS = %HOME%\Tools
  PATH = %HOME_TOOLS%\bin

Note that altering <tt>PATH</tt> on a user level is not going to remove the
system one, just append it to the end.

Also, add the symlink'd version of Git, Subversion or others you want
available all the time, like mine:

  PATH = %HOME_TOOLS%\bin;%HOME_TOOLS%\Unix\bin;%HOME_TOOLS%\Vim;%HOME_TOOLS%\Git\cmd

To use symlinks refer to your Windows documentation (<tt>mklink</tt> under Windows 7)

== Multiple versions of Ruby

Right now this repository hold two scripts: <tt>rb18</tt> and <tt>rb19</tt>
Been using those to set the proper Ruby under my environment, since by default
I don't have any version setup (the most clean as possible).

These scripts are going to be deprecated thanks to the work of Gordon Thiesfeld
on Pik[link:http://github.com/vertiginous/pik/tree/master]

== Development Kit

Due the lack of MinGW (GCC) development kit gem, my setup has one GCC and MinGW
installation for all the Ruby versions that I have installed.

Feel free to replicate the layout or improve it.

== SUDO

What you see there is just a stub. I got sick of non-polite scripts that forces
<tt>sudo</tt> execution and failed during installation or testing.

So, faked it, and also warned me when testing stuff if something nasty got
executed.
